I summon the lost children of the past
The sand of memories is reeled in
The night becomes dark
In ancient times, the light emitted
I shined
The wind caresses my cheek
My fingers touch the fragments of the rainbow
I waited for you at this place
Suddenly, your body became transparent
The wind of spring carried you away...
and soared you to the heavens
I roam the endless meadows
I dream through my sickly-encased eyes
Inside my heart, there is only one precious thing
A form of a bud softly sighed, shriveled up and died
I waited for someone at this place
Suddenly, my body became transparent
A strong... embrace....
... whirled me away
In ancient times, the light emitted
I shined all throughout
The wind caresses my cheek
My fingers touch the fragments of the rainbow
I waited for you at this place
Suddenly, your body became transparent
The wind of spring carried you away
Now you journey through the heavens
I waited for someone in this place
Suddenly, my spirit became transparent
The spring's wind carried it away
And I now roam the skies
At this place...
Suddenly...
Spring's wind...
To the sky...